Update pipelines repository block documentation (#2412)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/reference/pipelines/configurations-as-code/api.md

</HclListItemExample>
</HclListItem>

### `env` block

<HclListItem name="env" requirement="optional" type="block">
<HclListItemDescription>

Env blocks are configuration components used by [repository](#repository-blocks) blocks to specify environment variables that will be set when executing Terragrunt commands. The block contains a map of environment variable names and their values.

</HclListItemDescription>
<HclListItemExample>

```hcl
repository {
  env {
    TF_VAR_environment = "an_environment_provided_input"

>     TG_LOG_FORMAT         = "json"

Reviewer: This one is also dangerous... as we're overriding the log format in pipelines now ;/

Author: Switched to less problematic examples

<HclListItemDefaultValue defaultValue="false"/>
</HclListItem>

<HclListItem name="tf_binary" requirement="optional" type="string">
<HclListItemDescription>

> The path to the Terraform binary that Pipelines will use when running Terragrunt commands. Valid values are `opentofu` or `terraform`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IaC binary that Pipelines will instruct Terragrunt to use. Valid values are `opentofu` or `terraform`.
```
